I want a date.
Fine, fine, but promise you won't give those recordings to grandma.
Damn, my house seat.
Since you were created to spend the night with me,
you can't just be about dinner.
Don't play games with me, Jesse.
If you're not willing, you can leave right now.
But I will conveniently give the recording to grandma.
Happy?
Wait a second.
Why am I getting hot?
What's going on?
Malzy, are you feeling unwell?
Let me take you somewhere to rest.
Where are we going?
Where are you taking me?
Sorry, the number you are calling is not available.
Please try again later.
Still no response from Elaine.
Maybe I should ask for help from Miles?
What would I say?
Mrs. Kiplin, can I help you?
I'm looking for my husband.
Have you seen him?
They left for Miss Jesse earlier.
The same urgent.
Didn't he tell you?
Jesse?
Yes.
She spoke to Mr. Kiplin, and they left together.
Jesse, what are you up to now?
Do you know where they went?
I think they went to the Paradise Hotel.